By contributing to the project you agree to the following conditions:

1. You agree that all of your submission is your own original work. If not, you must state it clearly before there is any chance of the submission being accepted.
2. If your submission was created under any form of employment that may claim rights to any part(s) of the submission, you claim that they also agree to this license in relation to the submission.
3. You grant Hamish Arblaster a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license as a part of the submission to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute the submission and such derivative works, and to sublicense any and all of the foregoing rights to third parties.
4. You agree that Hamish Arblaster has the right to license the submission under any license they choose, possibly including (but not limited to) for the purposes of distributing your submission as a part of the whole project under a license that is reasonable for the end-user.
5. You grant Hamish Arblaster, and any one whom he chooses to sublicense the submission to, and anyone who receives the rights the submission indirectly through sublicensing or other means, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license under your patent claims that are necessarily infringed by the submission, or by the combination of the submission with this project or any other project Hamish Arblaster has rights to that he chooses to use any parts of the submission in, including (but not limited to) the project to which the submission was submitted to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import or otherwise dispose of the submission alone or with the project.
6. Each party reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement. No additional licenses or rights are granted whatsoever (including, without limitation, any implied licenses) are granted by implication, exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise.
7. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. You represent that your submission is entirely your original work (except as possibly disclosed under section 1). You represent that you have secured permission from your employer to make the submission in the cases where the employer may have the rights to the submission (such as when you write the submission as a part of your employment), or when your employer has intellectual property rights in your submission by contract, under applicable law, or otherwise. If you are signing this agreement on behalf of your employer, you represent and warrant that you have the necessary authority to the obligations contained in this agreement. You are not required to provide any support for your submission (unless you choose to do so). Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, and except for the warranties expressly stated in sections 1, 2, and 7, the submission provided under this agreement is provided without warranty of any kind, including (but not limited to), any warrant of noninfringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose.
8. You agree to notify Hamish Arblaster in writing of any facts or circumstances of which you later become aware that would make your representation in this agreement inaccurate in any respect.
9. You agree that the contributions to the project and information about the submission may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly, including your name and other information you submit with your submission.
10. This agreement is governed by the laws of Australia and NSW (New South Wales), and the parties consent to non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue in federal or state courts sitting in NSW. The parties waive all defences of lack of personal jurisdiction and forums non-conveniens.
11. This agreement is the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or communications, written or oral, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This agreement may be assigned by Hamish Arblaster.
